port of the traditional festive meal and
opting for an alternative this year or
christmas doesn't have to be all about
the turkey other countries are also
getting into the festive spirit only
they put their own spin on the typical
Christmas dinner and for those who
prefer it a little bit different why not
go Chinese this year and we're not
talking about getting a takeaway from
down the road no we're talking about
making it yourself we caught up with
Chinese TV chef ching-he Huang to get
some ideas on how to spice things up a
Christmas maybe you could do some char
siew roast pork puffs basically marinade
poke filling and delicious honey soy a
little bit of brown sugar and yellow
bean paste and then roast that until is
lovely and then just dice it all up and
mix it together and then stuff it in
some you know using puff pastry that you
get in the supermarket stuff it in there
bake them until they're lovely and
golden wheel of a shouting rice wine or
a bit of dry sherry you can get some
salted plums warm it up okay heat it
heat it in a pan warm it up you know
maybe put a bit of orange zest in there
orange peel squeeze of orange juice add
a little bit you know of salted plums to
give it a real sort of spicy aroma and
flavor
the main course where you can choose
from many different recipes I would love
x go for a Peking Duck or you could do a
gorgeous you know honey chinese-style
roast at ham you could also do roast
turkey of course but using a gorgeous
Chinese marinade may be using some
yellow being some soy sauce and honey
you know all these dishes that's all
these flavors that really compliments
your starter you could stuff it also
with possibly some you know
western-style sausages little chipolata
sausages you can mix um you know fruit
some plums some shallots a little bit of
Chinese five-spice in the you know in
there so it's you can you know really
mix and play around everyone loves a bit
of sesame prawn toast or a little bit of
you know duck spring rolls you just get
some duck breast marinated with some
honey with some soy with some five-spice
and you can just roast that in the oven
so it's lovely and crispy get really
crispy skin and then just shred that up
the meet up and then you can buy you
know cheats and buy ready-made hoisin
sauce and then just marinade mix that
together maybe chop some chives up in
there and then by filo pastry and then
just make sure you layer it and then you
know brush it with butter or oil if you
like and then stuff it fill it and you
can just bake until it's golden you can
create a really delicious alternative
pudding rice pudding is great you can
it's like basically like a fried rice so
you can get sticky rice you can use
sushi rice you can add some raisins
golden cranberries traditionally Chinese
would use plums
and you could add a little bit of
cinnamon orange zest and really stir fry
a little bit of brown sugar and and then
just basically it's a fried rice and
then you can stuff them in little
ramekins and then you can make that
ahead in advance a few hours before even
the day before and then before serving
can just steam them and so they're
lovely and warm and then make a maybe
like a sticky toffee sauce some
mouth-watering tips there and for those
of you who still need convincing the
good news is they could still be a big
bird on the Christmas table just does it
never bubble but once quite